docs: add warning about keeping indexer version aligned with project version (#1494)
latticexyz/mud: docs/pages/indexer.mdx

1. Run a test world.
   The easiest way to do this is to follow [these directions](tutorials/minimal#getting-the-initial-version) in a separate command line window.

>    **Note**: While MUD v2 is in alpha, we might need to change the data definitions.
>    To ensure your world is compatible with the indexer, use `mud@main` to create it, instead of ~`mud@next`~.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: While MUD v2 is in alpha, there might be breaking changes between pre-release versions.
   To ensure your World is compatible with your indexer, make sure both are running the same MUD version.
   To create a project with the MUD version on the `main` branch, use `mud@main` instead of ~`mud@next`~.
```
